Improve TX power docs (#16)
nrfconnect/nrf70-bm: nrf70_bm_lib/docs/source/nrf70_bm_porting_guide.rst

   The git submodule pulls in the entire repo, but only `nrf_wifi` directory is required for the BM driver.

TX power configuration
**********************

> The maximum transmit power achieved on an nRF70 Series device-based product depends on the frequency band and operating channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum transmit (TX) power achieved on an nRF70 Series device-based product depends on the frequency band and operating channel.
```

This varies across different Printed Circuit Board (PCB) designs.

> Multiple calibrations and checks are implemented to ensure consistency across channels and devices.

Reviewer: consistency of what?

> However, these values depend on PCB design, which may result in Error Vector Magnitude (EVM) and spectral mask failures.

Reviewer: Which values?

To avoid this problem, you can specify the power ceiling at which the EVM and spectral mask are met for a given PCB design.

The build-time parameters are made available to drivers through the `C` header file.
The reference header files are located in the `nrf70_bm_lib/include` directory.

> The following files are used to configure the TX power:

Reviewer: If this is power ceiling (and not power), please write it explicitly

- `nrf70_tx_pwr_ceil_dk.h`: Contains the TX power configuration for the nRF7002 Development Kit (DK).

- `nrf70_tx_pwr_ceil_ek.h`: Contains the TX power configuration for the nRF7002 Evaluation Kit (EK).

> For a new platform, you can create a new header file with the same structure as the reference files and replace the values with the appropriate values for the new platform.

Reviewer: I think, here, we need to say one sentence about HOW a developer will determine the appropriate values for the new platform. Just a single informative message, highlighting what needs to be done,

> For more information on TX power calculation, refer to the `nRF70 TX power calculation <https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/drivers/wifi/nrf70_native.html#tx_power_calculation>`_.

Reviewer 2: The problem here is that this link is in the latest NCS but some of the tx power overlay params etc pointed to in this link should be viewed for NCS 2.7.0 version. One reason is that tx power ceilings were x4 in 2.7.0 but x1 in 2.8.0/latest. We should somehow capture this subtlety

Reviewer: Why - was it removed @krish2718 ?

Author: No, this section is brand new, will only be available in 2.9.0.

   The git submodule pulls in the entire repo, but only `nrf_wifi` directory is required for the BM driver.

Transmit (TX) power configuration
*********************************

> The maximum transmit power achieved on an nRF70 Series device-based product depends on the frequency band and operating channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum transmit output power achieved on an nRF70 Series device-based product depends on the frequency band and operating channel.
```

Reviewer: just to make it a bit more clear

This varies across different Printed Circuit Board (PCB) designs.

> Multiple calibrations and checks are implemented to ensure consistent TX power across channels and devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple calibrations and checks are implemented to ensure consistent TX output power across channels and devices.
```

> However, the TX power ceilings depend on PCB design, which may result in Error Vector Magnitude (EVM) and spectral mask failures.

Reviewer: This is still a bit confusing to me: is it really the ceilings that depend on the PCB design, or the achievable TX output power?

Reviewer: I guess it is the second, hence my suggestion below. If I am wrong, just ignore the suggestion.

Author: Please note this text is taken as is from NCS https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/drivers/wifi/nrf70_native.html#devicetree_specification_configuration

> However, the TX power ceilings depend on PCB design, which may result in Error Vector Magnitude (EVM) and spectral mask failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, as the resulting TX output power depends on the PCB design; Error Vector Magnitude (EVM) and spectral mask failures may occur, unless TX output power ceilings are properly applied.  
```

> To avoid this problem, you can specify the power ceiling at which the EVM and spectral mask are met for a given PCB design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application developer can specify the TX power ceilings at which the EVM and spectral mask compliance are met for a given PCB design.
```

> The application develope can specify the TX power ceiling at which the EVM and spectral mask compliance are met for a given PCB design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application developer can specify the TX power ceiling at which the EVM and spectral mask compliance is met for a given PCB design.
```

> The build-time parameters are made available to drivers through the `C` header file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build-time parameters for the power ceilings are made available to the nRF Wi-Fi driver through the respective `C` header file.
```

The reference header files are located in the `nrf70_bm_lib/include` directory.

> The following files are used to configure the TX power ceilings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following files are used to configure the TX power ceilings for the official Nordic development and evaluation boards:
```

- `nrf70_tx_pwr_ceil_dk.h`: Contains the TX power configuration for the nRF7002 Development Kit (DK).

- `nrf70_tx_pwr_ceil_ek.h`: Contains the TX power configuration for the nRF7002 Evaluation Kit (EK).

> For a new platform, you can create a new header file with the same structure as the reference files and replace the values with the appropriate values for the new platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a new nRF70-based PCB design, the developer may create a new header file with the same structure as the reference files and replace the values with the appropriate values for the designed PCB.
```

> The values are derived by running the radio test sample on the board and using a spectrum/vector signal analyzer to measure the output power, spectral mask, EVM and other parameters and then adjusting the TX power ceiling values to meet the requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The appropriate TX power ceiling values may be derived by running the radio test sample on the board and using a spectrum/vector signal analyzer to measure the output power, spectral mask, EVM and other parameters and then adjusting the TX power ceiling values to meet the requirements.
```
